I didn't expect that during my sleeping time
So much has happened
Restored consciousness
What do you say, what if you regain your consciousness?
Now there are only two options in front of you
The first rule is to obediently hand over the throne of the prince
Otherwise it would be better
Otherwise what?
This dog is not your favorite
If you don't want to hand over the persimmon seat
I wouldn't mind trying a dog meal
Do you think I dare not stop
Brother, are you alright?
He's just a dog your father picked up
Why are you protecting him?
He's my brother.
He is the son of our Lin family
Prince, you have seen that the Lin family is a fool
The prince doesn't care if I'm stupid or not
I am the son of the Lin family
And you commit the following
What crime should I die for?
Somebody take Kerr away from me
Teach this fool a lesson today
Li Hai, don't go too far
If you don't leave
I told my dad everything that happened today
Sure, go ahead and tell me.
If you don't go
Cuihua who doesn't mind shitting
You don't have to do this for a fool
Yeah, he can't remember your kindness at all.
I know
Don't worry about Lin Ke'er.
Don't blame me